While it is useful to define a generator method on your class it is much more helpful to define a default
iterator on your class.
And we can define default iterators as we talked about before by using symbol da iterator as a generator
function.
So what we'll do is make a new class and call it collection and inside of here we're just going to do
a constructor like so.
And inside of here we're just going to set this values equal to an empty array right here.
And then after that we're going to do a generator function and will do symbol.
Iterator we're doing a computed property right here.
After that we're going to basically yield.
And now what I want to do is delegate to the builtin iterator inside of an array.
So what I'll do as a star again.
And then do this values so now whenever I use this yield statement right here by calling this default
iterator it's going to delegate to the iterator that's built into the array.
So now whenever I go ahead and instantiate this concert collection equals new collection like so and
then I'm going to push on some values collection push and I'm going to push this on to the items so
I should do items a push then I can do one and will do the same thing again.
It's a pull due to this time.
And so now by default this generator method right here works with things like four of loops.
So if I did something like For let item of collection rate here and then I'd just cancel it out log
individual items like so let's say you cannot read property.
Push of undefined.
So collection of values I named it values that's why so values and then values.
Now if I run through it you'll see that it works.
Now whenever I try to use the for loop it's going to use the default iterator that I defined which then
delegates to the default iterator that's built into arrays.